In this video, we'll talk about runtime errors and why they can happen.
As the name suggests, runtime errors are errors that happened
when the program is executing.
These types of errors can be difficult to predict when we're writing our program.
These errors include divided by zero errors, file not found errors,
out of memory errors in many, many more.
Some runtime errors can cause your program to crash.
We use exception handling to help us know when runtime errors happen
so we can try to recover from them.
We'll see examples of runtime errors later in this course,
when we work with files. We'll also work with exception handling toward the end of the course.